Techniques:
Use Hashing
Hashing (kind of) in the same array. If you think you can do the ques by hashing but extra space is not allowed, try to hash in the same array. 
Left and Right
Sort the array
DP
Start from back
if you have to calculate something excluding a particular number then calculate the result of left and right and operate on left and right. 

Uses of Binary Search 
a. Find element in O(lgn) 
b. Return elements just smaller and just bigger in array
c. Count number of occurences in sorted array
d. First and last occurence of x in a sorted array. 
e. Find max element in a bitonic array

1. Find a subset of an array which is equal to a given sum. Also find subarray with given sum. 

2. Maximum difference between two elements such that larger element appears after the smaller number in O(n) time and O(1) space : 
   Hint : Calculate difference of adjacent elements and now the problem becomes to find max sum subarray. 

3. Find duplicates in O(n) time and O(1) space. 

4. Given an array A of integers, find the maximum of j - i subjected to the constraint of A[i] <= A[j].

5. Given a sorted array of n distinct integers where each integer is in the range from 0 to m-1 and m > n. Find the smallest number that is missing from the array in O(lgn) time. 

6. Find the count of negative numbers in a matrix which is row-wise and column wise sorted. 

7. Product array puzzle

8. Sliding Window Maximum 

9. Maximum Pdt Subarray

10. Given arrays X and Y, count number of pairs s.t. x^y > y^x

11. Median in a stream of integers

12. Arrange numbers to form the biggest number. given numbers are {1, 34, 3, 98, 9, 76, 45, 4}, then the arrangement 998764543431 gives the largest value.

13. Find max sum s.t no two elements are adjacent.

14. The cost of a stock on each day is given in an array, find the max profit that you can make by buying and selling in those days. For example, if the given array is {100, 180, 260, 310, 40, 535, 695}, the maximum profit can earned by buying on day 0, selling on day 3. Again buy on day 4 and sell on day 6. If the given array of prices is sorted in decreasing order, then profit cannot be earned at all.
Hint : See 2.

15. Count smaller elements on the right side 

16. Given a boolean 2D array, where each row is sorted. Find the row with the maximum number of 1s in O(m+n) time. return first max row. 

17. Given an array A[] of n numbers and another number x, determine whether or not there exist three elements in A[] whose sum is exactly x.

18. Find the two

19. Merge k sorted arrays 

20. Find the smallest missing number in an unsorted array in O(n) time and O(1) space. For sorted array O(lgn) time. 

21.Trapping Rain Water. 

22. Find the peak element in an array. 

23. Search an element in an unsorted array using minimum number of comparisons. 

24. There are N ticket sellers each of whom has a certain amount of tickets. The price of a ticket is the number of tickets remaining with the ticket seller. They want to sell a total of K tickets. We need to find the maximum amount they can earn by selling K tickets.

25. Find sub-array (contiguos) with sum closest to 0.  

26. Given a number n, find the smallest number that has same set of digits as n and is greater than n.

27. Prefix Sum Array Techniques : http://www.geeksforgeeks.org/prefix-sum-array-implementation-applications-competitive-programming/ 

28. Microsoft Ques : Count distinct elements in every window of size k

29. Max circular subarray sum. Modification of Kadane's algo. 

30. Rearrange an array s.t arr[i] = j and arr[j] = i. 

31.Given an array consisted of both positive and negative integers. The task was to put positive and negative elements alternatively and efficiently.

32. n-th number with digits in {0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5} 

33. Find Maximum value of abs(i – j) * min(arr[i], arr[j]) in an array arr[]

34. Find duplicate in O(n) time , less than O(n) space without modifying the array. 
    Create a temp array of O(sqrt(n)) space and do hashing. 

35. Find Sum of Pairwise Hamming Distance

36. Median of two sorted arrays. 

37. Find all unique combos of 3 numbers which sum to a target value in an array. 

38. Find all subarrays of given sum for both negative and non-negative numbers in an array. 
